---
title: Assignment 6
layout: doc
---

# Assignment 6
[[toc]]

## Task List
| Task Name        |  Instruction  |  Rationale |
| -------------    | ----------- | ---- |
| Register         | Make an account on PocaNet. | I'd like to see how intuitive it is to make an account from the home page (and an account is required for the rest of my tasks). |
| Explore Photocards |   Take a look at what photocards are available on the website. | I wanted to see if it would be intuitive to users that they should go to the View All Photocards tab, and I also wanted to see if they could figure out that they could view more information about the photocards by hovering over them. |
| Search for a Photocard | Look for photocards from your favorite group. | Is the search functionality intuitive? Is it intuitive that each search term must match the tag of the card they're looking for exactly? |
| Add/View Photocard |  Save a photocard to your collection and view it in your collection. | I want to see what the user's conception of a "collection" is (i.e. do they initially think of it as just photocards they own?) and how they can figure out where the photocard lives now that they added it to their collection. |
| Mark as Available | Imagine that you want to sell the photocard you just added. Indicate that to other users. | I wonder if the "available" idea is immediately obvious as "available for sale". I also wonder if they will conceptualize the tags as being useful to indicate status to other users. |
| Get a Recommendation | Imagine that you are looking for photocards to buy, but you don't have a specific one in mind. Get a recommendation from the site. | I want to see if it's intuitive that the "Discover A New Photocard" tab is intended for people who are looking for photocards that other users have marked as available. |
| Determine Reliability | (once on the Discover A New Photocard page) You're interested in buying this photocard. How would you go about making sure you won't be scammed? | Will users jump to reviews as a measurement of a seller's credibility? Will the review stats jump out enough? Will users realize that in order to read reviews, they should click on a seller's profile? |
| Express Interest | Tell the seller you're interested in the photocard. Where would you go to see their response? | Is the jump from the Message seller... field on the Discover page to the Messages tab immediately obvious? |
| Mark as Bought | Imagine you bought the photocard from the seller and they said they'd ship it out. How would you use the app to remember that you bought it so you don't accidentally buy two? | Can users think of tagging as also functioning as a sort of note to self? Going back to one of the first questions, do users think of their collection as only of photocards they own, or do they think of it as a place to track everything about their collecting hobby? |

## Study 1
Participant 1 has a background in very casual photocard collecting but has not used apps to purchase photocards in the past. They passed the Register and Explore Photocards tasks quickly, and figured out intuitively that you could view more information about the photocards by hovering over them. During the searching task, they initially typed "aespa" in all lowercase and didn't find anything, then corrected themselves and typed "Aespa" which matched the tag exactly and found some results. They said that the search terms had to be very "specific" (re: capitalization) which was not very intuitive because "other apps let you put lowercase and you still get results."

They also expressed frustration ("I don't know if it added") at the fact that there was no pop-up or confirmation after adding a photocard to their collection. They ended up adding it three times because they clicked again after not receiving a confirmation. They performed the "Mark as Available" and "Get a Recommendation" tasks without much trouble, which then lead to this revealing quote: "Why are you the owner of the Sunghoon candy? I thought I was... maybe there's multiple" which indicates that it wasn't entirely clear at first that there could be multiple copies of the same photocard, distinguished by their tags.

The last task, "Mark as Bought", ended up revealing one of the key conceptual misunderstandings that Participant 1 had. They went to the seller's page and checked the photocard to see if it was available -- their thought was that if it wasn't, then it would have been shipped. This leads me to think that their conception of "Availability" at that point was that if a photocard was unavailable, it had already been bought and that all the photocards in the collection were up for sale.

In the debrief, I asked them what their conception of their "collection" was, and they said, "What I'm selling, because it has the option to mark it as available," which lines up with my perception of their thoughts from above. They expressed a desire for two separate lists, one for everything a user wanted to sell (where they could mark it as available/not available), and one for everything a user wanted to show off (as implied by the word "collection").

I think this is one of the key concepts that I failed to explain adequately -- what exactly does marking a photocard as available mean? It seems that the phrasing of "available" and "unavailable" leads users to assume their meaning as Participant 1 did, which is not corrected anywhere else in the site. This can also lead to misconceptions of what exactly a user's collection is meant to represent.

## Study 2
Participant 2 also has a background in photocard collecting, and has used apps such as Instagram to purchase photocards in the past. Thus, they are familiar with collecting terminology like 'WTS', 'WTT', 'WTB' (want to sell, want to trade, want to buy) and with the concept of POBs and different store versions.

Participant 2 went through the first few tasks similarly to Participant 1, but did voice that "Not everyone's going to check the tags or know what era the photocard is from" with regards to searching. By this, they meant that because they had a familiarity with collecting and with many of the photocards populated on the site, they could search for a photocard relatively easily because they knew which album it was from, what store, etc. while others who might only know what the photocard looks like wouldn't be able to find it.

When asked to view the message they had just sent the seller (pt. 2 of "Express Interest"), Participant 2 first went to the seller's profile and looked for a way to view their messages with that person. They then couldn't find anything, then realized there was a "Messages" tab at the top and found it there. It seems that this could result from physical proximity -- because the Messages tab was in the NavBar, they didn't necessarily think of it immediately to solve a problem they were experiencing on the Discovery page itself. 

Again, in the "Mark as Bought" task, Participant 2 also struggled to figure out how they would track a photocard as shipped. As with Participant 1, they went to the seller's page and tried to find something on the page that could let them track it. They ended up adding the photocard they had bought to their collection, and said that "Because it's in my collection, I won't buy it again, but I don't know how to track who I bought it from or whether it's been shipped or not." The intended solution to this problem was for them to add all of this information as tags on the card, so there was clearly a misunderstanding of the functionality of tags here.

Participant 2, like 1, also had a misconception of what the "collection" was meant to represent. When I asked them in the debrief, they said, "The phrasing of 'collection' makes me think that this is what I have, and I can sell it if I want to. Not like a wishlist," explaining the difficulty they had with tracking the status of a card that they bought that hadn't arrived yet.

Originally, I had intended for the introduction on the Home page to explain this concept, and at the beginning I also noticed that Participant 2 skipped the introduction and went straight to the registration button. When I asked them why they skipped it in the debrief, they said, "I'm not really a reader, I like discovering things. I assumed I would know how it worked because it's a photocard app," and added that if they had read it they would have understood that they could customize tags to track the status of their photocards.

## Opportunities for Improvement
- Conceptual (critical) -- There seems to be a critical issue with how I'm introducing the idea of collections and tags in the app. Both participants either skipped or skimmed the introduction on the first page, which led to an understanding of the collection as either "cards I'm selling" or as "cards I have" and of tags as search terms, not as things that users could use to customize their collections or track the status of their cards. 
    - I think the fault here really lies in the introduction -- most users probably won't want to read through an entire block of text just to use the website. In the future, a better way to teach users these concepts might be to have an interactive walkthrough example or to have tutorial text front and center on the pages that actually apply these concepts, not the home page. For example, on the Profile page, there could be a "common tags" section (actually suggested by Participant 2) that would explain the functionality of tags and teach the user how to use them. Because it would be physically closer to the place where the user is actually using the information, it might be much more helpful to users.
    - It might also be helpful for users to have separate buttons to mark cards as 'ISO', 'WTB', and other common tags -- unfortunately, this doesn't resolve the core issue of users not understanding that tags are meant for them to be able to customize their collections and could block users from figuring that out for themselves.

- Linguistic (moderate) -- Both participants expressed frustration when the app wouldn't provide feedback for their actions (for example, when Participant 1 accidentally added the same card three times because they didn't know if it actually added). I did actually program in toasts in my app that would provide success messages when certain actions were completed (such as adding a photocard), which would resolve this issue -- I'm not sure why, but in the time between submitting A5 and now the toasts have broken. 
    - One way to resolve this issue of not enough feedback would obviously be to fix this bug; another way would be to have the pages dynamically redirect (ex: after adding a photocard, it redirects to the profile so the user can see their new card), but this would be frustrating for users trying to add multiple cards at once.

- Linguistic (critical) -- Participant 1 indicated that the language I was using for my concepts was confusing. Specifically, the phrasing of "available" made them think that the collection was a list of cards they were selling. This actually ended up in conflict with their idea of "collection" as a list of cards they owned, to the point where they suggested I make two separate lists: one for selling cards and one for owned cards.
    - One way to resolve this issue would simply be to rename "Mark as Available" to two separate "Want to Trade" and "Want to Sell" buttons. This would make it much more obvious that the collection holds both cards that the user wants to keep and wants to sell, and it would have the added benefit of making it clear to other users whether the owner of a card is open to non-monetary offers or not.
    - Another way would, as Participant 1 suggested, be to create a list of cards to sell and a list of owned cards. However, I think that the first idea would resolve this confusion and that making two separate lists would end up being more complicated than necessary.

- Physical (minor) -- Participant 2 ran into some issues making the leap from sending a message to the seller on the Discovery page to viewing the message they sent on the Messages page. They were able to figure out how to see it pretty quickly by themself, but I think that this probably stems from the physical location of the Navbar being far away from the message send button.
    - One way to resolve this would be to automatically redirect after sending the message to view it in the Messages tab (so that the user doesn't have to click manually). The downside would be that then the user would have to click back onto the Discovery page if they want to see more cards, taking them out of their flow.
    - Another way would be to add a "View Messages with User" button or option to each user's profile page. Because Participant 2 initially went to the seller's profile page to try to view their message history, it would make sense to make the instinctive option actually work.